c:\users\gürcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHome\SmartHome\bin\Debug\SmartHome.exe.config
c:\users\gürcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHome\SmartHome\bin\Debug\SmartHome.exe
c:\users\gürcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHome\SmartHome\bin\Debug\SmartHome.pdb
c:\users\gürcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHome\SmartHome\obj\Debug\SmartHome.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\gürcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHome\SmartHome\obj\Debug\SmartHome.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\gürcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHome\SmartHome\obj\Debug\SmartHome.exe
c:\users\gürcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHome\SmartHome\obj\Debug\SmartHome.pdb
c:\users\gürcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHome\SmartHome\obj\Debug\SmartHome.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\gürcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHome\SmartHome\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
c:\users\gürcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHome\SmartHome\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.dll
c:\users\gürcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHome\SmartHome\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.dll
c:\users\gürcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHome\SmartHome\bin\Debug\AForge.xml
c:\users\gürcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHome\SmartHome\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.xml
c:\users\gürcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHome\SmartHome\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.xml
C:\Users\gürcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHome\SmartHome\obj\Debug\SmartHome.LOGIN.resources
C:\Users\gürcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHome\SmartHome\obj\Debug\SmartHome.GARAGE_PANEL.resources
C:\Users\gürcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHome\SmartHome\obj\Debug\SmartHome.DOOR_PANEL.resources
C:\Users\gürcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHome\SmartHome\obj\Debug\SmartHome.PANEL.resources
C:\Users\gürcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHome\SmartHome\obj\Debug\SmartHome.RAIN_PANEL.resources
C:\Users\Mahmut KOCAMAN\Desktop\Home Home Smart Home\C# Programming\SmartHome\SmartHome\bin\Debug\SmartHome.exe.config
C:\Users\Mahmut KOCAMAN\Desktop\Home Home Smart Home\C# Programming\SmartHome\SmartHome\obj\Debug\SmartHome.exe
C:\Users\Mahmut KOCAMAN\Desktop\Home Home Smart Home\C# Programming\SmartHome\SmartHome\obj\Debug\SmartHome.pdb
